# CoCoDragon-CC2-32KEC-V1RA
CC2-32K-EPROM-CARTRIDGE-Version-1-Revision-A-01.06.2013 is a 32K EPROM Cartridge for the Tandy Radio Shack TRS-80 Color Computer 1, 2, 3 and Dragon Data Dragon computers. Notes: The CoCo 1, 2 and Dragon can only access the first 16K. The CoCo 3 can access the entire 32K, minus the 0xFFnn I/O and Vector page. Many other similar (but much improved) cartridges are forthcoming. There are much better designs in my possession and I intend to post them all, in no particular order. There is an OSHPark Page here: https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/DuJ4X8aM

 PLEASE NOTE: THIS VERSION HAS NOT YET BEEN TESTED. 

Please note: This is derived from an original design by "Little" John Eric and/or his father "Big" John Robert (J.R.) by "Uncle" Robert Allen. It should be thoroughly scrutinized and verified prior to actual use of any kind. DISCLAIMER: The following article is provided for informational purposes only. Any attempt to modify your computer without the proper skills to do so may void your computer. Any attempt to modify your computer without unplugging it first may void you. This Information is provided "as-is" with no guarantee of fitness for any purpose, either explicit or implied. We disclaim any and all responsibility for losses incurred through the use of this information. By using this information, you are deemed to have accepted these conditions of use, and you agree NOT to sue us. CLARIFICATION: The above disclaimer states as plainly as possible that if you decide to make use of any of the information contained within this document that you do so at your own risk. Designing hardware for the CoCo (ColorComputer) and other vintage hardware is a hobby of ours and is not motivated by any desire of profits. As this is a not for profit venture, obviously we can't afford not to disclaim the use of this information.


